Long ago in a far away place there lived a lovely princess named Snow White. Her hair was black as coal, her lips red as rose, and her skin as white as snow. What are you doing? Don't touch it. See the numbers? 
Yeah.
They are going up really fast right? 
Why?
Because it’s a timer. It’s showing how much time is passing. This is the number of seconds and that's the number of milliseconds.  It just goes really really fast.
Uh oh.
Ok. Do you want me to read the book?
What should I press ?
Don't press anything.
Why it’s dark a little bit.
It’s OK come let’s read. snow white’s stepmother the Queen was very cruel. 
oh eh see da numbers air four and also what's this away.
Because I am just going to put it over here. 
She 
I wanna see she 
Hated anyone
Put it over here  
But we’re reading a story Right now we're not focusing on this ok? She hated anyone who is more beautiful than she. The Queen treated snow white like a servant. Snow white never complained. She was obedient and hard-working but she dreamed of a handsome Prince who would take her away to his castle. One day while drawing water from the well... 
And this is the castle? 
No this is inside the castle yeah the Queen lives inside the castle and this is her magic mirror on the wall and snow white um 
um what 
Snow white was dreaming of another a Prince would bring him bring her to his castle a different castle she didn’t wanna stay in this castle she wanted to go to a different one. One day while drawing water from the well a handsome stranger did appear charmed by snow white singing but snow white was too shy to speak to him. Inside the castle the Queen asked her magic mirror Mirror mirror on the wall who is the fairest one of all every day 
Snow white singed that
No the Queen said that. Every day the mirror had the same reply: you are the fairest he told her, and the Queen was content for another day but as snow white grew older she also grew more beautiful
I don’t see his mouth 
yea he’s not there right now. She is about to ask him. He didn’t come out yet And the Queen became very jealous. one day the magic mirror told the Queen that someone else was was the fairest in the land. it was the princess snow white. In a jealous rage the Queen called her Royal Huntsman into the throne room. Take snow white far away into the forest and kill her she commanded.  And as proof of your deed 
Who lives here 
What?
Who lives here
 We’re gonna see who lives here. 
Uh maybe it's the dwarfs 
O i think maybe you're right 
She handed the stun Huntsman a beautiful carved Box . poor snow white said the hunter to the innocent to the innocent princess “I cannot kill you you must run away and hide from the Queen”.
Snow white was so frightened that she ran off to the dark woods. At last she came to a cottage who lives here? Snow white wondered then she heard voices singing in the distance 
The 7 dwarves who lived in the cottage were coming home from a
I sing this on your phone ok
OK the 7 dwarfs who lives in the cottage were coming home from a hard day at work in the diamond mine. hiho hiho it's home from work we go. The dwarfs introduce themselves their names were sleepy grumpy happy doc dopey Sneezy and bashful. 
I love I love love Sneezy. 
You love sneezy ?
Yeah 
What does he do?
i love doc and sneezy and bashful.
Oh.  What does sneezy do a lot? 
He’s angry. 
No that's grumpy. grumpy grumpy is like this i’m so grumpy
Yea like that
I am grumpy
Yea very good but what does Sneezy do 
ha choo 
Right he sneezes all the time. Snow white felt so safe 
Dopey I love dopey. 
He's really silly right 
Yea what he does 
He doesn't he just make silly faces right
He does something in the hanger
 ya 
That's a stubbly face 
yeah 
He can't come out 
He was stuck?
Yeah 
He’s so silly
So you know some of my second stuck in a hanger and then he can’t ride den all the
